The Joe Rogan experience.
Is just amazing, you know, on paper I was telling,
I was telling Charlotte them all, they're like on paper, on paper,
you put down my stats. No, one's going to pick me on a fight.
What the is this guy next? You know what I mean? But, but then,
but then there's one thing there's that there's that mental part and end that
hard part that you can't measure. You can't measure the mental whatever,
and that's that crazy land part. You know what I mean? Like,
people don't know what the crazy land is. So if they see this guy like, okay,
well he got a passport to crazy land, but this is that all, you know, out of 10,
like threes. And, and this is the guy he's like nine, nine, all nines,
but he w maybe couple of tens in there,
but he don't have a password to crazy night and be like, crazy land.
This guy is great. Right? And then when you go in day, you find out that like,
most of the time, the guys with the passport, the crazy lads is, uh, the crazy,
you know.
I think figure out a way to, they figure it out.
Like the sum of all your parts is not that, that like,
that doesn't equal a championship fighter.
Like the mind is such an important part of.
And I, and I was, uh, I was talking to him outside, back to that conversation.
I was telling him like, whenever I talked to an upper calmer or, or,
or my friends,
or I see people training and they training hard or doing this and that.
And I'm just like, bro, this is crazy. Like, like most of us in the UFC already,
right. I was like, guys, there comes a point where like, you pretty much good.
Like everything can get you by, you got here ready, but not only two different.
That's gonna get you to the top. 15 is mental. And then from 15 to 10,
the only difference between those guys is mental. And then from,
from 10 to five, same day and it from champion and everybody else,
it's a mental, it's a mentality thing.
Is this something that to do with IQ and something?
That's the only thing to changed? Like, we're all good.
We're all at the Mecca of fighting. The UFC is where everybody wants to be,
but what makes you a champ? What makes me a champion?
You not something I'd be like, you can live more wasted meatal.
You know what I mean? Like we were to see if we're the same way class.
You're stronger than me. You're faster than me. What is the difference?
What is the difference?
I believe it's that passports crazy line is that mentally is that,
is that things like I'm willing to do something that I don't know if you even
thought of doing it,
or if it's presented with you that if you're going to take that chance,
you know, and.
And it's, it's that,
but it's also your willing to put the intensity into your training camps and the
focus and dedication into your craft that maybe some people aren't,
and maybe sometimes people that are really talented things come a little too
easy for them and they don't want to work as hard.
Exactly. That's, that's the, that's the downfall with a lot of these guys,
you know, a lot of these guys is like,
they're just like all stars in their town and playing regular sports.
You know what I mean? She had all the time, they're just all sorts of towns,
whatever. And then they go to the other stuff. And then to just another guy,
there's somebody that's faster, stronger embedded in you. You know what I mean?
And then when they get their sort of pushing duty, they never had to.
And then there's that kid that was just always just kind of made the team and
then he's there with you. And he sees that and he see you break and pushes him.
And then now he's about he's with those guys. That's just,
who's those guys whose freak athletes, but they all have the mind,
but this guy don't have the freak at this,
but he get the mind and he's hanging with him.
Cause he's figuring out a way to do it. You know,
you have some of the toughest guys or younger brothers have tough guys. Oh yes.
Cause you had to take the. You got to take the. You know what I mean?
Like it is, they become durable. Yeah. It was, it was kind of backwards,
uh, growing up when my brother like I'm the middle child,
but my brother is four years older than me and my older brother and my,
my younger brother is a one year younger than me.
But so it was kind of backwards. Like it wasn't like, uh,
my older brother wasn't really tough on us,
but it was a point where my younger brother was like such a spoiled little prick
that he would always get me into trouble from, uh, from my grandma.
Like he would do my grandma, grandpa.
So like he would do something and he'd cry and be like, no, I did it.
So I would get to Lickin's. You know?
So I think so that's where my mentality came by. Like I always,
I was like do y'all. So like, even like,
even when I fight with my younger brother, he would beat me. Cause he was like,
I was smaller than him. Like he'd beat me up growing up. And the funny thing is,
is like I told you last time, it was that every time, uh, when my mom,
when I started getting to kickboxing and my mom was telling people like, Hey,
let's go. We're going to, um, all my son is going to go,
watch fight is going to go fight this weekend while buy tickets, they'd be like,
oh cool. Who's kind of fighting. And then they'd be like, oh no,
Clemson not fighting Max's and they'd be like, what the?
Like max don't fight me. Like, why is he
here? Is he funny? You know? But it comes because I just,
I got so abused and stuff. I never thought of that. You just pointed out to me.
Like my grandma, grandpa gave me, like this guy got get,
he would get away with murder and I always got it.
And then whatever he do something stupid, like outside, we play on our friends.
It's like, there's a place on our street where we could have passed.
And my grandpa would like just be seen in the gazebo and catch my,
my brother coming back and being like, cause he would go in the main road.
It's so stupid. There's a dirt road. I was like, bro, take the dirt road.
That grandpa was always up there drinking his beer,
take this dirt road till we don't want to get into trouble. He's like, nah,
I'm not going to be there.
But I know all after all these years I put together a went to the road cause he
wants to see me get liquids. So at the time he was like, max made me to go with,
I didn't want to go. And I ended up getting lickings. It brought me out.
I was like, bro, you told me go. But the tables is,
turn your little. What is he like now? He just he's crazy. And now he's uh,
uh, he, um, we, we had to deal with some stuff like, uh, I,
you know, my family and stuff would come from drugs and whatever,
my mom and stuff and stuff. And my grandma and grandpa was great for them,
but he got into his trouble and stuff. But he's recently like he'd been out,
he'd been cleaned, he'd been doing his thing. So I I'm proud of him.
I have this vision. So it's like, it's, it's not, I always tell him to,
you know, it's not how you start the races, how you finished,
bro is like finished strong, bro. You got kids. You got focused. Now I know,
I know you, you think you up and you never let nobody down here. You know,
you got, you got time and just make everything right again.
Or try to go get as close as you can to make everything right.
That's great advice that you still have time catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan
experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.